Document Metal support in Internal rendering architecture (#9385)
godotengine/godot-docs: about/list_of_features.rst

Rendering
---------

> 3 rendering *methods* (running over 4 rendering *drivers*) are available:
> 
> - **Forward+**, running over Vulkan / Direct3D 12 / Metal. The most advanced
>   graphics backend, suited for desktop platforms only. Used by default on
>   desktop platforms.
> - **Forward Mobile**, running over Vulkan / Direct3D 12 / Metal. Less features,
>   but renders simple scenes faster. Suited for mobile and desktop platforms.
>   Used by default on mobile platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Godot 4 includes three renderers:

- **Forward+**. The most advanced renderer, suited for desktop platforms only.
  Used by default on desktop platforms. This renderer uses **Vulkan**, **Direct3D 12**,
  or **Metal** as the rendering driver, and it uses the **RenderingDevice** backend.
- **Mobile**. Fewer features, but renders simple scenes faster. Suited for mobile
  and desktop platforms. Used by default on mobile platforms. This renderer uses
  **Vulkan**, **Direct3D 12**, or **Metal** as the rendering driver, and it uses
  the **RenderingDevice** backend.
```
This is what I currently have for this section in https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs/pull/10183. It's word-for-word the same Renderers page summaryin that PR, too.
